{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}}
\fs24
\pard\qc\b\fs32 QA Automation Engineering Intern\par
Case Study Submission\b0\fs24\par
\par
\pard\ql
\b Candidate:\b0  Mahesh Shinde\par
\b Company:\b0  Bynry Inc.\par
\b Submission date:\b0  14 July 2026\par
\par
\b GitHub Repository\b0\par
https://github.com/maheshshinde16/Bynry_AE\par
\par
\b Submission Summary\b0\par
This submission demonstrates an automation approach for a multi-tenant B2B SaaS platform. It focuses on reliable browser automation, API testing, tenant isolation, responsive mobile-web coverage, test-data management, and CI/CD integration.\par
\par
\b Included Deliverables\b0\par
\pard\li360
\bullet\tab Test plan with risk-based coverage, entry/exit criteria, test-data policy, and CI strategy.\par
\bullet\tab Playwright and pytest UI tests for login and tenant context validation.\par
\bullet\tab API test for creating and cleaning up a project.\par
\bullet\tab API-to-UI integration test verifying that Company1 can see its project while Company2 is denied access.\par
\bullet\tab Page objects, reusable API client, fixtures, environment configuration, and example test data.\par
\bullet\tab README with setup and execution instructions.\par
\bullet\tab GitHub Actions workflow for smoke-test execution and artifact retention.\par
\bullet\tab Execution-report template and documentation of assumptions, BrowserStack strategy, and unanswered requirements.\par
\pard\li0\par
\b Key Testing Decisions\b0\par
The framework uses explicit business-state assertions instead of arbitrary waits, fresh browser contexts for session isolation, stable accessible or test-ID locators, unique test data per run, and guaranteed cleanup. Tenant isolation is verified through both UI context and an API request made with a second tenant's credentials.\par
\par
For cross-platform testing, the recommended approach is a fast Chromium smoke suite on pull requests and a selected BrowserStack desktop/mobile matrix for nightly regression. Playwright covers web and responsive mobile web; native Android/iOS applications would use Appium with BrowserStack App Automate.\par
\par
\b Execution Note\b0\par
The automated tests are intentionally not reported as executed against Bynry systems because no approved QA/staging environment, credentials, API tokens, or application selectors were provided. The repository contains the runnable framework and an explicitly labeled execution-report template.\par
\par
\b Thank you for reviewing my submission.\b0\par
}
